Clustered installation docs (#5327)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/configure-cluster.md

---
title: Configure your InfluxDB cluster
description: >
  InfluxDB Clustered deployments are managed with Kubernetes and configured using
  a YAML configuration file.
menu:
  influxdb_clustered:
    name: Configure your cluster
    parent: Install InfluxDB Clustered
weight: 103
---

InfluxDB Clustered deployments are managed with Kubernetes and configured using
a YAML configuration file. InfluxData provides the following items:

> - **`influxdb-docker-config.json`**: Authenticated Docker configuration file.

Author: I believe it's controlled by an auth token. As I understand it, we provide the customer with a Docker config with pre-populated settings, including a token or some type of auth to pull the private images required to provision a cluster.

---

Replace the following:

- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`SECRET_NAME`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}:
  Name of the secret containing your PostgreSQL-compatible DSN
- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`SECRET_KEY`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}:
  Key in the secret that references your PostgreSQL-compatible DSN

---

{{% note %}}
##### PostgreSQL instances without TLS or SSL

If your PostgreSQL-compatible instance runs without TLS or SSL, you must include
the `sslmode=disable` parameter in the DSN. For example:

{{% code-callout "sslmode=disable" %}}
```
postgres://username:passw0rd@mydomain:5432/influxdb?sslmode=disable
```
{{% /code-callout %}}
{{% /note %}}

#### Configure local storage for ingesters

InfluxDB ingesters require local storage to store the Write Ahead Log (WAL) for
incoming data.
To connect your InfluxDB cluster to local storage, provide values for the
following fields in your `myinfluxdb.yml` configuration file:

- `spec.package.spec.ingesterStorage`
  - `.storageClassName`: [Kubernetes storage class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/).
    This will differ based on the Kubernetes environment and desired storage characteristics.

>   - `storage`: Storage size. We recommend a minimum of 2 gibibytes (`2Gi`).

Author: Yes, this format is specific to the config: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#meaning-of-memory

  Host and port of your Auth0 server
- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`AUTH0_USER_ID`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}:
  Auth0 user ID to grant InfluxDB administrative access to

---

{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}

{{% code-callout "azure" "green" %}}
{{% code-placeholders "AZURE_(USER|TENANT)_ID" %}}
```yaml
apiVersion: kubecfg.dev/v1alpha1
kind: AppInstance
...
spec:
  package:
    spec:
      admin:
        identityProvider: azure
        jwksEndpoint: |-
          https://login.microsoftonline.com/AZURE_TENANT_ID/discovery/v2.0/keys
        users:
          - AZURE_USER_ID
```
{{% /code-placeholders %}}
{{% /code-callout %}}

---

Replace the following:

- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`AZURE_TENANT_ID`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}:
  Microsoft Entra tenant ID
- {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`AZURE_USER_ID`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}:
  Microsoft Entra user ID to grant InfluxDB administrative access to
  _(See [Find user IDs with Microsoft Entra ID](/influxdb/clustered/install/auth/?t=Microsoft+Entra+ID#find-user-ids-with-microsoft-entra-id))_

---

{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}

##### Adding users

> Finally, you will need to add all the users you wish to have access to use influxctl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add all the users you wish to have access to use `influxctl`.
```

Update the `spec.package.spec.admin.users` field with a list of these users.

> See [Adding or removing users](/repalce/this) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Adding or removing users](/influxdb/clustered/admin/users/) for more details.
```

I assume?
